[Paddle] Add paddle frontend developer guide. (#13464)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: src/frontends/paddle/docs/paddle_frontend_architecture.md

> # OpenVINO™ Padddle Frontend Architecture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# OpenVINO™ Paddle Frontend Architecture
```

> The diagram below interprates the Paddle Frontend architecture and its interaction with OpenVINO Frontend API and Core APIs.![](./img/PaddleFrontendInternal.PNG)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The diagram below interprets the Paddle Frontend architecture and its interaction with OpenVINO Frontend API and Core APIs.![](./img/PaddleFrontendInternal.PNG)
```

> The diagram below interprates the Paddle Frontend architecture and its interaction with OpenVINO Frontend API and Core APIs.![](./img/PaddleFrontendInternal.PNG)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The diagram below shows the Paddle Frontend architecture and its interaction with OpenVINO Frontend API and Core APIs.![](./img/PaddleFrontendInternal.PNG)
```

> * The input to Paddle Frontend is the PaddlePaddle protobuf model, and the output is the ov::Model which is sematically equivelant to the input.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The input to Paddle Frontend is the PaddlePaddle protobuf model, and the output is the `ov::Model` which is sematically equivelant to the input.
```

Author: done

> * The input to Paddle Frontend is the PaddlePaddle protobuf model, and the output is the ov::Model which is sematically equivelant to the input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The input to Paddle Frontend is the PaddlePaddle protobuf model, and the output is the ov::Model which is semantically equivalent to the input.
```

Author: done

> * Paddle Frontend is the implementation of OpenVINO Frontend, which implements two major interfaces. The first interface is `load` that reads the Paddle protobuf model, and represents it to `InputModel` with `OpPlaces` and `TensorPlaces`. The second interface is `convert` that represents `InputModel` with `ov::Model`` by sematically mapping these Places into OpenVINO opset.

Author: done

> # OpenVINO™ Padddle Frontend Architecture

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# OpenVINO™ Paddle Frontend Architecture
```

The diagram below shows the Paddle Frontend architecture and its interaction with OpenVINO Frontend API and Core APIs.

```mermaid
flowchart TB
    fw_model[(Paddle Model)]
    style fw_model fill:#427cb0
    
    protobuf([protobuf])
    subgraph frontend [ov::frontend::paddle::FrontEnd]
        load_impl["load_impl()"]
    end
    fw_model--as stream-->load_impl
    load_impl--load stream-->protobuf
    protobuf--parsed object-->load_impl
    
    
    subgraph input_model [ov::frontend::paddle::InputModel]
        convert["convert()"]
    end
    
    load_impl--create-->input_model
    
    ov_model[ov::Model]
    
    convert--recursively parse all operations from the model-->ov_model
```

> * The input to the Paddle Frontend is the PaddlePaddle protobuf model, and the output is the `ov::Model` which is semantically equivalent to the input.
> * Paddle Frontend is the implementation of the OpenVINO Frontend, which implements two major interfaces. The first interface is `load` that reads the Paddle protobuf model and represents it to `InputModel` with `OpPlaces` and `TensorPlaces`. The second interface is `convert` that represents `InputModel` with `ov::Model` by semantically mapping these Places into OpenVINO opset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The input to the Paddle Frontend is a PaddlePaddle protobuf model, and the output is the `ov::Model` which is semantically equivalent to the input.
* Paddle Frontend is an implementation of the OpenVINO Frontend, which implements two main interfaces. The first interface is `load`, which reads a Paddle protobuf model and represents it using `InputModel` with `OpPlaces` and `TensorPlaces`. The second interface is `convert`, which represents the `InputModel` with `ov::Model` by semantically mapping these Places to the OpenVINO opset.
```

# OpenVINO™ Padddle Frontend Architecture

The diagram below shows the Paddle Frontend architecture and its interaction with OpenVINO Frontend API and Core APIs.
```mermaid
flowchart
    N0(frontend application)
    style N0 fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
    N0 == paddle model ==> load
    convert == ov::Model ==> N0

    subgraph PaddleFrontEnd
        subgraph G1[paddle::FrontEnd]
        style G1 fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
            subgraph load
                direction LR
                OpPlaces
                TensorPlaces
            end
            subgraph convert
                id0(node_dict)
            end

            direction LR
            load -->convert
        end

        subgraph G2[iterate each op in model]
        style G2 fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
            subgraph Decoder
            end

            Decoder --> NodeContext

            NodeContext --> id1[op mapper]
        end

>         G1 ~~~ G2

Author: updated.
